Ah!
People like this are going to have to be pulled out of both men and women.
The highlight is the oil pick-up driver.
Do you think so?
What else do you two have to say?
Zhou Dahai, is your IQ low?
Still no IQ at all
Do you believe what Li Dazhu said?
I see you as a pig.
Still a stupid pig
Village Chief, my cousin is right
You are really a stupid pig.
What did you say? Think for yourself.
You'd rather believe him as a villain
You don't want to believe me, a weak woman
My life
We all know
Which man dares to have me?
Besides, I got my widow's license three years ago
If I wanted to steal a man, I would wait until now
You are so confused
Or did you secretly take some advantage?
Li Dazhu, are you lying to me?
Village Chief, how dare I?
Well, besides, he said it himself
He's Halfhand's life
I have nothing to do
I'm looking for him
A woman like him
Still a widow
I want face too
I'm a decent person.
You know my line, village chief
I'm an intern at your son's health center
I live up to my conscience
Li Dazhu bullied Liu Bei
Even stronger
It seems that he is the villain to complain first
If you have any conscience, don't be deceived by him
Li Dazhu, stop for me
Zhang Feng Liu Bei, don't let him run away